welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode eight it
is the mid-season finale and you know
some stuff happens we start right off
with the flashback between alpha and
Dante showing how he was told to go
undercover basically he's just a broken
person like most of the whisperers
assumedly and fully brainwashed into
alphas BS so when she's like hey I need
you to go pretend to be normal for a
while but don't forget who you really
are he's like yeah I'm into that so yeah
he's been passing messages to alpha this
whole time and it was in fact him who
graffiti'd the silence the whispers to
sow discord and officially was him who
sabotaged the drinking water so back in
the present he's just killed Sadiq
unfortunately Rosita comes in just then
he does a pretty bad job of pretending
nothing happened so he's got a fight
Rosita luckily he's a nice enough guy he
lets her put the baby down first thank
goodness for that unfortunately he
didn't get a chance to stab Siddiq in
the head yet so he comes back as a
zombie and he's going straight to eat
his baby sometimes Percy they're young
yeah in retrospect Dante's definitely a
lot messed up in any case Rosita beats
Dante and stabbed Siddiq her baby daddy
zombie to save her kid Sadiq has a
funeral and Rosita's real beat up about
it so she goes up to punch some zombies
with stabby brassknuckles but does tends
to happen in The Walking Dead when
people are not good emotionally they
like fail to kill like one easy zombie
luckily Eugene's there to save his
ladylove I am now rooting for Eugene to
eventually get the girl luckily he has
enough class to not make a move right
now but remember a Zetas still dating
father Gabriel
I always forget that's actually a thing
and they have a bit of a tip here so
there's hope for momma and Eugene yet
Gabriel goes to see Dante normally he's
the man of second chances and
forgiveness but today he's the man of
stabbing multiple times and screaming in
a parabola roar okay father Gabriel
guess you gotta let it out sometimes
elsewhere Michonne and Judith and Luke
are on their way to Oceanside they get
talking about books and music it looks
like hey there's a library right around
here let's go check it out it seems to
be empty so it's a pretty good field
trip but of course there are some
zombies super hidden somehow and
grab Luke he's rescued though by a new
random dude who immediately runs away
and Michonne just got the news about
Sadiq and Dante so fun field trip time
is over
so when Michonne gets to Oceanside it's
like hey every new person of the last
four months
don't be trusting them anymore but
immediately a new new person shows up
it's the dude from the library he claims
he's just a normal dude trying to get
back to his family he just wants to
borrow one of their boats
unfortunately sneak it in here he broke
all their alarm systems and they got a
mess azzam bees coming but she was on be
killed time all right
Michonne interrogate Sly Brer eman his
name is Virgil and he says some stuff
about mercy that reminds Michonne of
Rick so she decides to trust him for now
apparently his communities on an island
off the coast every Walking Dead fan
around the world says that's what I'm
talking about in his Omni apocalypse I
would go straight for an island and not
just any island on an evil base someone
exchange from a show taking him home
he's willing to trade some big guns to
help the fight against the whisperers so
Michonne and Virgil sailing off on a
boat now friendship at the border
cama comes up to Erin she's like hey the
baby that survived that was my sister's
kid I'd really love to see him by the
way on my name's Mary after losing her
sister and finding out that alpha lied
about killing her daughter Lydia Mary's
ready to reveal a big secret the
location of the Horde if they can find
the Horde and destroy it that takes away
all of alphas bargaining power they
could beat the whisperers no problem now
a bunch of cool characters are on a
mission to find the zombie horde see if
the whisper of Mary was telling the
truth
best friends Daryl and Carol finally
have it out Daryl's mad at how Carol's
been super annoying this season she's
letting her grief over Henry and her
desire of revenge against alpha cloud
all of her judgment they have a serious
Conville and hug it out hardcore so if
you're into emotional stuff maybe this
was a good scene for you the expedition
gets to the valley where the Horde
supposed to be and it's empty there I
was like yeah obviously Mary lied to us
I'm out of here but Erin still thinks it
was the truth he's like I bet the Horde
was just here but on the way back Carol
sees alpha herself yeah she's right
there taunting him so obviously Carroll
takes chase they end up at like a cave
or something maybe like an abandoned
mine Daryl falls down into the dark and
the rest of the crew did too
and what do they see but the zombie
horde here underground yes I thought for
a while that maybe alpha was bluffing
she lost the Horde in the winter or
perhaps never even had control of it in
the first place but it is alive and well
hiding here underground and how our gang
is trapped there with them and that's
how the first half of season 10 comes to
an end I was expecting perhaps a bigger
moment but it seems like we're ending on
a cliffhanger here but overall it's been
a pretty solid season so far I'll tell
you what though I'm excited for part two
where I think things are really getting
kicked up a notch the show's on a
two-month break coming back February
23rd make sure you subscribe because
when Walking Dead's back mana recaps
will be right there telling you all
about it
[Music]